Here lie binary RPMs for the Vgallium / Xen3d system as a whole, as well as (most) source and spec files required to generate them.

Broadly speaking there is:

vgallium.spec
-------------

These are built using pretty much the entire Mesa tree in the build process; they require a source file named opentc-repo-snapshot.tar.bz2 to produce RPMs. This is produced as follows:

1. Check out a clean copy of the repo
2. svn export vgallium/branches/xen-idc/src to a directory named opentc-repo-snapshot
3. Run tar cvjf opentc-repo-snapshot/ opentc-repo-snapshot.tar.bz2

This spec produces four binary RPMs: vgallium-driver-softpipe (for dom0,) vgallium-remoting-libgl (for domu,) xen3d-compositor (for dom0) and xen3d-daemon-domu (for domu).

The compositor is installed as /usr/bin/xen3d; it requires the environment variable EGL_DRIVER set, e.g. to 'librawgal'.

The compositor package also installs libEGL.so, as I couldn't find any existing package which does so.

vgallium-driver-softpipe places librawgal.so in /usr/lib; it is used by the compositor as described above.

vgallium-remoting-libgl places libGL.so in /usr/lib/vgallium; the local system must be manually directed to use that or the real libGL, using ldconfig or LD_LIBRARY_PATH or whatever.

xen-vgallium
------------

Builds a replacement for xen-tools, with qemu and xend modified as needed for a Vgallium dom0. This requires the xen SRPM installed to provide the Xen source and all the OpenSuSE patches, then applies sources/otc-xen.diff to apply my changes. Must be installed *instead of* xen-tools in dom0.

xorg-x11-vgallium-extension
---------------------------

Builds the Vgallium X extension by building pretty much the entire Xorg server and extracting the right libs. Again I'm sure there could be a slimmer build process but discovering it requires time. Needs the xorg-x11-server SPRM for the Xorg core source tarball plus OpenSuSE's X patches.

THINGS THE RPMS DO NOT DO
-------------------------

1. Modify your Xorg.conf to load the xen3d extension in the guest
2. Modify ldconfig to cause the remoting libgl to be the default
3. Ensure that they are careful replacing xen-tools
4. Perhaps some other things which I forget, as
5. Get enough testing; time is lacking